Update 04_Shared_Translations.md (#10901)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/06_Multi_Language_i18n/04_Shared_Translations.md

Available languages are defined within the system languages, see [here](./README.md).

> Shared translations are stored in `translations_messages` database table and can be versioned using [Migrations](https://pimcore.com/docs/pimcore/current/Development_Documentation/Development_Tools_and_Details/Migrations.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shared translations are stored in `translations_messages` database table and can be versioned using [Migrations](https://pimcore.com/docs/pimcore/current/Development_Documentation/Development_Tools_and_Details/Migrations.html).

```

Available languages are defined within the system languages, see [here](./README.md).

> Shared Pimcore translations are stored in `translations_messages` MySQL table and can be versioned using [Migrations]https://pimcore.com/docs/pimcore/current/Development_Documentation/Development_Tools_and_Details/Migrations.html and GIT. 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shared translations are stored in `translations_messages` database table and can be versioned using [Migrations](https://pimcore.com/docs/pimcore/current/Development_Documentation/Development_Tools_and_Details/Migrations.html)
```
